Fixed every console error you posted:

1) "Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'classList')
   at showSlide (app.js:284)"

   Root cause: app.js queried for elements with class ".slide"
   ONCE when the script first loaded — before anything with that
   class existed (nothing in the whole codebase ever actually
   creates a ".slide" element). setInterval then kept calling
   showSlide() against that permanently-empty, frozen list every
   4 seconds forever, crashing every time.
   Fixed: now queries fresh each time and safely does nothing if
   there's nothing to slide through. No more crash, no more
   spammed console errors.

2) "Cannot set properties of null (setting 'innerHTML') at
   loadPromotionHero (ads.js:357)"

   Root cause: this function targets a #promotionHero element that
   never existed anywhere in index.html. Added it now (right above
   the sponsored banner section) — the CSS for it (.hero-banner)
   already existed and was just never used.
   Also fixed while I was in there: the code was filtering on
   "p.promotedUntil" and reading "item.productId" / "item.cover" —
   none of those fields exist on your actual Product model. The
   real fields are "promotionEnd", "id", and "image". So even once
   the element existed, this would never have shown anything. Now
   it correctly shows a promoted product's banner when one is
   active.

3) /favicon.ico 404

   There was no favicon.ico file in your project at all. Generated
   a proper one (simple branded icon, green background matching
   your buttons, size 32x32) at public/favicon.ico.

4) "...vecteezy_3d-alphabet-...png" 404 (repeated many times)

   This is your Site Icon / Favicon image, referenced from Website
   Settings. The FILE ITSELF is missing from your server's
   public/manage folder — it must have been deleted or lost at
   some point. This isn't something code can fix; the database
   still points to a real filename, but the actual image data is
   gone. You'll need to re-upload a site icon image in Admin ->
   Website Settings -> Site Icon / Favicon.
   What I DID fix: if that image (or any site logo) fails to load,
   the site now just hides the broken image instead of showing an
   ugly broken-image icon next to your site name.

5) Product image 404s (1785078186075.jpg, 1784910379264.jpg, etc.)

   Same situation as #4 — these are uploaded product photos that
   are missing from public/uploads on your server, while the
   database still references their filenames. Also not fixable in
   code (I don't have the original image data to restore). What I
   DID fix: product images across the site now show a clean "Image
   not available" placeholder instead of a broken-image icon when
   this happens (new file: public/images/no-image.png).

6) Bonus (found while fixing #2): there were TWO elements with the
   same id="topLeaderboard" in index.html — invalid HTML that could
   cause confusing rendering. Removed the duplicate.

WHAT YOU STILL NEED TO DO (can't be fixed by code):
- Re-upload your Site Icon/Favicon in Website Settings (the old
  file is gone from the server).
- Check which products have broken images (any product whose photo
  now shows the gray placeholder) and re-upload their photos via
  Edit Product.
